(The rehearsal for the second day is done!)
(They don't know the something special is waiting for them!)
Kim Lip: The rehearsal is over!
YeoJin: The mic kept on falling off so I had to hold it all the while dancing!
(Lunch boxes from fans!)
(The girls sitting around and eating lunch!)
'Olivia Hye's food'
Olivia Hye: Thank you~
YeoJin: Such an amazing gift!
YeoJin: Thank you our fans for the great food!
(Lunch boxes from fans make them happy!)
Go Won: Thank you for the food!
HyunJin: HyunJin's food!
Kim Lip: HeeJin said to me like 'I want to eat asparagus' in the morning~
Kim Lip: Look at this, the asparagus!
Kim Lip: And I said 'then I want to eat meat!'
Kim Lip: Look at this again, the meat!
Yves: Hello~
Yves: I'm eating lunch that we got from fans!
Yves: I was very hungry
Yves: I can't remember the last time I had such a delicious lunch.
Yves: Thank you for the food!
YeoJin: Yves is the best!
Yves: Then I'm gonna say 'Cheer up, YeoJin!'
YeoJin & Yves : Cheer up!
YeoJin: It was fantastic! Thank you for the food!
(Orbit, thank you very much for the great food!)